Fix long lasting jobs (#1179)
kyma-project/test-infra: docs/prow/presets.md

| **preset-build-master**                                   | It is similar to the **preset-build-pr** Preset, but the **BUILD_TYPE** variable is set to `master`.                                                                                      |
| **preset-build-release**                                  | It is similar to the **preset-build-pr** Preset, but the **BUILD_TYPE** variable is set to `release`.                                                                                     |
| **preset-gc-project-env**                                 | It provides the environment variable with the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project name.                                                                                                   |

> | **preset-kms-gc-project-env**                             | It provides the environment variable with the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project name with KMS keys.                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **preset-kms-gc-project-env**                             | It provides the environment variable with the GCP project name that contains KMS keys.                                                                                                   |
```
